-COUNTIES MUSIC COMPETITION
Judy Wales, Founder

Competition Date:  Saturday, April 16th 2016	Application Deadline:  April 1st, 2016.
Entry Fee:	$35.00
Location:  St Andrew Presbyterian Church, 1390 Franklin Road, Yuba City 95993.

COMPETITION RULES

Eligibility
1.  The student must reside in Yuba, Sutter, or Colusa Counties.
2.  Students must be in grades 1st - 12th.  They can be either enrolled in school or home schooled.
3.  Student can be entered with or without a master teacher as long as she/he is studying music either in public/private school, or home.
4.  The competition is open to Piano, Voice, and Instrumental (string, brass and woodwinds).
5.  Previous first place winners are now eligible to enter in all categories.

Categories
Primary:				Grades: 1-3			1 piece		up to 2 min.
Intermediate:				Grades: 4-6			1-2 pieces	up to 4 min.
Junior High School			Grades: 7-9			1-2 pieces	up to 8 min.
High School				Grades: 10-12			1-3 pieces	up to 12 min.

Repertoire
1.  Selections must be performed in the original version and complete pieces or movements from the selection of the stylistic periods, including Baroque, Classical, Romantic, and 20th Century/Contemporary. (Pop/Rock styles are not acceptable).
2.  Students of public/private school who are studying an Instrument or Voice are allowed to use their
     school music book under the approval of their music teacher.
3.  Performers of Voice and Instrumental divisions must provide their own accompanists.
4.  All piece(s) must be memorized.  

 Performance Schedule & Time Limit
1.  A performance schedule will be sent to the music teachers after the deadline.
2.  Maximum length of performance must be adhered to.
3.  Judges may stop a student before the performance is complete if time limit is up.

Dress Code:  Gentlemen:  dress slacks and shirts	Ladies:  Modest or long dresses.

Competition Procedures
1.  Student must bring their music with numbered measures and this will be given to the judges before they perform.  NO PHOTOCOPIES ALLOWED.
2.  Each performer’s name will be introduced by the master of ceremony in order of their performance.
3.  Each student will bow before and after his/her performance.
4.  Two or three judges will be judging together for each student in each category to select the winners.	
5.  The collaborative decision of the judges is final.
6.  Students may wait to hear the results from the judges after each category.
7.  Each student will receive written evaluation forms from their teacher or by mail after the competition.

Winners Concert:  St Andrew Presbyterian Church, Yuba City,  6 pm
1.  Awards and cash scholarships will be given at the Concert.
2.  Winners, teachers, and parents are strongly encouraged to come to meet the Kiwanis 
    of Yuba City Noon Club at the  Winners Concert.
3.  Music scholarships, trophies, and the certificates of finalists will be presented by the President of the Kiwanis                        Club at the Winners’ Concert.
